[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So
let's talk about react router.
So now we have one page on our app, right?
This is a pretty boring app.
Cuz you can't really do anything,
Browse All doesn't do anything.
Nothing really works.
So we want to be able to have
multiple pages in our app.
So, what we're gonna do is we're
gonna bring in the react router.
And this is a basically,
single page application SPA
router and it's pretty cool,
it works really well.
Ryan Florence and Michael Jackson
are the two guys that wrote it.
Ryan actually has done a react
Frontend Masters before.
Super smart guys,
they came from the Ember community.
And Ember, if you've ever used Ember the
one thing, the shining star in my opinion
of Ember is its router,
it has a really, really great router.
And it's very easy to use, and
it's also required to use.
Whether or not you're doing a multiple
page app you must use a router.
At least that was the case
when I was using it,
as mentioned that's still the case.
So they basically took all the great
ideas of the Ember router and
they brought that into
react via the react router.
And it's pretty robust,
react router does some pretty cool
stuff especially the recent version.
And we're gonna be using
the brand new version.
And they specifically asked
me to use this version.
Hence why we're using it.
But if you're gonna be
building your own react router
governed app I definitely
suggest you deep dive into it
because you can get some pretty
cool features out of it.
So right now we're gonna just
be using the top level router.
>> Brian Holt: So first of all let's,
yeah that it's a good idea.
Let's move from clientapp.jsx,
this is actually not our app,
this is our landing page.
So what we're gonna do right now is we're
actually we gonna move this out into its
own page.
So go ahead and copy all that stuff and
create a new file called
landing.jsx
>> Brian Holt: And
just paste all that in there.
So again I just took, basically,
the top half of this and
pasted that into landing.jsx.
We don't need react dom, right?
We're not using that in this page.
So we can get rid of that.
And then down here at the bottom
we need to do a module.exports =,
we have it called app right here but
we're gonna call it Landing instead.
And then module.exports = Landing.
>> Brian Holt: So
this is now our landing page.
>> Speaker 2: Do
you need to require react?
It doesn't let you reuse the-
>> Brian Holt: That's actually a great
question.
>> Speaker 2: Same request.
>> Brian Holt: Yes, you must because you
have to think about what this
is being transpiled into.
Remember, this is actually going to be
transpiled into React.createElement,
right?
So while you actually don't
see react being used here,
this does get transpiled to use react.
So yes you must include react.
>> Brian Holt: And luckily our landing,
because we brought it in standard react
is smart enough to know that this
is going to eventually use React as well.
>> Speaker 2: I was gonna say my editor
yells at me as well but
standard doesn't, so
I was like-
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Are you using standard
format as your plugin?
>> Speaker 2: I don't think so.
>> Brian Holt: If you switch to
the eslint one.
It shouldn't yell at you anymore.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
So let's go back to here and
now we're gonna refactor this
little bit in ClientApp.jsx.
So now we're gonna pull in landing so
const Landing =
require('./Landing').
We're gonna pull in react router.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and now we're going
to pull a bunch of stuff out of
react router that we want to use.
So we're going to say const
Router = ReactRouter.Router.
const Route = ReactRoute.Route.
And const hashHistory
= ReactRouter.hashHistory.
Now I don't know about you,
this seems like it's a little burdensome
to pull all these out piece by piece.
There actually is a shortcut to do this,
thanks to the magical powers of VS6.
So we can actually do, and
you don't have to do this by the way,
this is just I find it easy.
Router, Route, hashHistory
} = ReactRouter.
>> Speaker 3: [COUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Bless you.
So this right here is equivalent to
this.
>> Brian Holt: And
the way that works is I know
inside of the react router object.
I know it has a router.
I know it has a route and
I know it has a hash history property so
pull those out and
call them the same thing.
You can also if you wanna
call it something different,
you can do hashHistory: hh,
if you are into two letter abbreviations.
So now it would pull out hashHistory and
call it hh.
And you can mix and match too,
that's totally fine.
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna do that from now on because
lines eight through ten is kind of
burdensome and I don't want to do that.
And we can actually go so far as this.
Just on the require line do it.
>> Brian Holt: So
any questions about that, does that
make sense what's going on there?
If that doesn't make sense it's going
to not make sense for a long time until
we do it a bunch of times, so ask me now.
>> Speaker 2: So
can you access react router as a whole
then still, since you're never defining it
as a constant?
>> Brian Holt: Nope.
Yep, if you want to do that
you have to pull it out.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: If you were
using ES6 modules there'd
be an easy way to do it.
But I don't think there is with common JS.
This is called destructuring by
the way in case you're wondering.
That's what this is called.
And if any of this ES6 stuff confuses
you I would highly highly suggest
going to 2ality.com and just reading
everything from Dr. Rauschmayer.
He is super smart, really,
just top of the line and
he explains everything really in depth.
And he's on TC 39 which is the body
that standardizes JavaScript.
So, everything he has is awesome.
Yeah.
So, any question about destructuring?
Okay.
So let's get rid of that.
[SOUND] And now we're going to
rewrite our little app, right?
Cuz all this stuff is
contained in Landings, so
we're just gonna delete all of that.
And now we're gonna do router history,
sorry, history=.
>> Brian Holt: And here we're gonna do
Route path='/' component=.
Will sit down for a bit.
I'm standing too long today.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's kind of piece this apart.
So you have a router and insideof
a router there are several routes, right?
In our particular case we only have one
route at this moment which is going to be
our landing.
But as we add more and
more routes to our app they're going
to go in here inside of the router.
Okay.
Then there's history.
There's several ways that your router
can keep track of you going forwards and
backwards, right, so that the forward
button and the back button don't work or
so that they continue to work.
One of them is hash history
which is the easiest to use,
which is basically, have you seen pound
slash, right, and it keeps track of your,
in fact,
we'll look at it here in just a second.
But basically it's going
to use the anchor of
your URL to allow you to keep track
of going backwards and forwards.
We'll eventually use browser history once
we get to the node side of things but
right now we're going to
stick with hash history.
Okay so that's the router.
Now we have route inside of here
which is like one individual route.
And first we saw the path, right?
So slash is the home page right.
But if you want to have the search
page this is gonna be /search, right?
So that's kind of telling it
where you want that to go.
And then the component is
whenever you're on this route
use this as your display, right?
So, in this particular case
if they go to the home page,
show them the landing page, right?
Any questions about react router?
What's going on here?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so,
let's save that
>> Brian Holt: You can go check to see if
anything's yelling at you.
I'm not running webpack anymore,
so let's do that,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
You'll notice that our hidden modules are
going up and our file size is going up.
That's the virtue of that we added
react router to our project now.
>> Brian Holt: So now we can refresh and
notice that we have this
weird stuff up here.
So what's going on up here?
Well the first part,
that's our route, right?
Because right now we're on pound
slash which is coming from here,
the path, right?
And then we have this barf up here, right?
This terrible looking stuff, and
that's how react router is keeping
track of its internal state.
It's kind of throwing
that up into the URL.
So if you share this URL with someone else
they'll come down to the exact same state
that you're on as well.
That's what that is.
It's kind of ugly but it's a necessary
evil of using hash history.
So once you start using browser
history that goes away.
Just FYI.
Okay.
Does anyone
have any questions about react router or
what we've done so far?
We haven't really done
anything crazy right?
Because we're not routing anywhere else.
We just basically have a one page
router which is totally worthless.
[LAUGH]